Documented: dxpImage, dxpUserProfile ,dxpOmsInstanceNaviagtor components to understand their working (#257)
hotwax/dxp-components: README.md

# Components
## DxpImage 
### Introduction
<li> dxpImage component is designed to handle the loading and display of images.</li>
<li> It provides functionality to efficiently manage different types of image sources, including local assets, external web URLs, and images from a resource server.</li>

### Basic Usage 
The component dynamically loads and displays the specified image, considering different source scenarios, such as local assets, web URLs, or resource server images.

To use the DxpImage component, integrate it into your Vue 3 application and provide the image source (src).

      <template>
        <img :src="imageUrl" />
      </template>

      <script lang="ts">
      import { DxpImage } from "@hotwax/dxp-components";
      </script>

### Props
#### 1. src
<table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Prop Name</th>
        <th>Description</th>
        <th>Type</th>
        <th>Required</th>
        <th>Default Value</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td><code>src</code></td>

>         <td>It's specifying that the component expects a prop named src.n this component props.src to access the value of the src.</td>

Reviewer: confusingly worded, please clarify

  </table>

## Recommendation
<li>Use the component to load and display images stored as local assets within the project directory.</li>
<li>Employ the component to fetch and showcase images from external web URLs.</li>
<li>Use the component to display images fetched from a resource server.</li>
<li>Component's dynamic nature, allowing it to adapt different image sources based on the provided <b>props.src</b>. This is useful in scenarios where image sources can vary at runtime.</li>

## DxpOmsInstanceNavigator 
### Introduction
<li> This component focuses on displaying information about the Order Management System (OMS) instance that the user is currently connected to.</li>

### Basic Usage
It is used to navigate to the OMS instance from the application. 

To use the DxpOmsInstanceNavigator component, integrate it into your Vue 3 application.

    <template>
    <DxpOmsInstanceNavigator />
    </template>

    <script>
    import { DxpOmsInstanceNavigator } from "@hotwax/dxp-components";
    </script>

###  Events 
#### 1. goToOms()
<li>The purpose of goToOms is to navigate the user to a different screen or page within the application that corresponds to a specific OMS instance.

> <li>It takes two parameters: <b>token</b> (an authentication token) and <b>omsName</b> (the name of the OMS instance).

Reviewer: The example we have given above does not include these parameters. Are these given as props? are these values expected in a state somewhere?

### state manamement 
#### 1.useAuthStore()
 It simplifies access to authentication state.
 The state in useAuthStore manages the data related to authentication, which is token and oms.

## DxpUserProfile  
### Introduction

> <li>The User Profile Card component is designed to display user profile information, allowing users to see details such as their login ID and party name. It also provides options to perform actions like logging out and navigating to the launchpad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>The User Profile Card component is designed to display user profile information, allowing users to see details such as their login ID and party name. It also provides options to perform actions like logging out and navigating to the Launchpad.
```

To use the DxpUserProfile component, integrate it into your Vue 3 application.

      <template>
      <DxpUserProfile @reset-state-before-logout="resetStateBeforeLogout" :userProfile="userProfile" logoutLabel="Logout" goToLabel="Go to Launchpad" />
      </template>

      <script>
      import { DxpUserProfile } from "@hotwax/dxp-components";
      </script>
    

### Props
<table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Prop Name</th>
        <th>Description</th>
        <th>Type</th>
        <th>Required</th>
        <th>Default Value</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td><code>userProfile</code></td>
        <td>User profile information object</td>
        <td>Object</td>
        <td>Yes</td>
        <td>-</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>logoutLabel</code></td>
        <td>Label for the logout button</td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>No</td>
        <td>'Logout'</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>goToLabel</code></td>
        <td>Label for the go-to launchpad button</td>
        <td>String</td>
        <td>No</td>
        <td>'Go To Launchpad'</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>

### Events
#### 1. logout()

> The logout() method is triggered when the user clicks on the logout button (ion-button). It initiates the logout process for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logout() method is triggered when the user clicks on the logout button, initiating the logout process for the user.
```

##### Events inside logout
<li><b>emit()</b> : The emit function is used to emit the before-logout event. Emitting the 'before-logout' event allows parent components or listeners to be aware of the impending logout action.
<li><b>dispatch()</b> : It dispatches the logout action defined in the user module and redirects to the login page.

#### 2. goToLaunchpad()
The goToLaunchpad() method is invoked when the user clicks on the "Go To Launchpad" button. It redirects the user to the launchpad by changing the window location.

> ### CSS

Reviewer: I don't think we need to really go this deep into the code in this draft. Lets focus on the functionality and usage first.
